okay the bad news is that was the
landlord or evicted the good news is we
ain't got nothing left to lose
crank up the music your ex-girlfriend is
dating AC Slater
big fan Oh huge fan none of none of the
host thing push it but you know we'll
still livin like one college wait are
you breaking up with us I think I am
breaking up with you guys let you
that is not good it's over you need to
try new things we need to meet new
people
oh holy that's how what I meant to
do that
that was for you buddy to see some
nipple I wasn't really looking at her
nipples I totally saw her nipple it just
kind of happened to enter the
jungle oh no dude how have we heard
growling and crying last night cuz I
thought you were just watching Animal
Planet's stoned again can you see the
guys can you just do something like it
like I just made a joke like laughs what
you're trying to make her jealous
so please do this for me
what he said well let's say okay I
cannot be in the middle anymore
[Music]
I got a package for you says it's from
you oh sorry yep for me or no it's for
me or I mean it could be read if you
want it you don't want it no I don't
want it of course you don't want it put
those dick somewhere I'll take care of
it I I have a place for them hi thirsty
[Music]